From Hansel minutes.com it's Hansel
minutes or weekly discussion with
web developer and technologist Scott
Hanselman hosted by Carl Franklin. This
is Lawrence Ryan announcing show number
25 recorded Monday, July 17th, 2006. Support
for Hanselman. This is provided
by COVID Smith tools, makers
of code Smith and extensible
template based code generator for.net.
And now Hanselman is listeners.
Get $100 off coach Smith
professional with coupon code H
M 100. online@covidsmithtools.com. Support is
also provided by Peter bloom.com.
Start with better controls. Finish
it better sites online@peterblumdotcomandby.net developers
journal the world's leading.net developer
magazine online at www dot
dot com. In this
episode, Scott talks about his
own personal favorite blogs. Hi,
this is Carl Franklin and you're
listening to Hansel minutes. I'm
here with Scott Hanselman. Once
again, your friend and mine
this week, Scott, we're gonna
talk about your blog roll,
the shouts outs to your
friends. It is a shadow.
Well, I wouldn't say it's
a shout out to friends.
Some people's blog roles are
a list of buddies, you
know, and some people's blog
roles are lists of every
blog that they've ever seen,
so they can have as
many blogs as possible and
get all the information they
can. And you're all about
value, right? Yeah, I can
kind of, man. It's all
about quality, not quantity. I
used to have a like
1500 it's down to two
or 300 now, but the
ones we're gonna talk about
today, probably not more than
20 or 30, this is
definitely a handsome and it's
show where folks are gonna
want to actually visit the
site and take a look
at the list of links
and a reminder to everybody
that you can always go
to the site, click on
the name of the show
and the links, every single
link that was mentioned during
the show will appear on
the site there. Okay, great.
So this isn't the complete,
can I have a complete
list of the Hanselman blog
roll, but it's the ones
that I think I, I
keep coming back to, I
guess there's kind of the
old friends, right? These are
the ones that usually are
the middle part of the
wheel and the hub and
spoke, right. You know, there's
the top 25, maybe. I
don't know. I actually didn't
even didn't even count them.
They just kind of, I
looked at the blog roll
and I said, man, I'm
always looking at this one.
I'm always looking at that.
And interestingly, feed damon@feeddemon.com feed
demon is the aggregator that
I happen to use has
a really interesting new feature
in the version two that
is blogs. I pay the
most attention to and blogs,
I pay the least amount
attention to these are actually
the blogs whose items I
actually read. Okay. So that
was really interesting. So I
used that feature to figure
out kind of which of
these I'm actually looking at.
So this is a little
bit of just me saying,
wow, I read that guy
a lot or that gal
a lot, but also that
my aggregator having watched me
over the last year actually
told me that these are
the blogs that you keep
going back to. Okay. Number
one. So in no particular
order, actually, but number one
in, in order Sam champion,
Tilly, is it Jim Tilly
or Gentile? It's Gentilly Gentilly,
Sam Gentilly, strength.com/g Oh eight.
Sam started this thing a
while back called new and
notable. And I keep coming
back to that. It's kind
of a, of a, of
a, I don't know, it's
not necessarily daily, but it's,
you know, a couple of
times a week and he'll
list all the different, new
notable links. It's kind of
a feature on his blog,
like a link blog of
things that are going on
in the, in the.net space
that are worth, worth looking
at Sam's a good guy
and is always focused on
innovative dotnet stuff. Now as
a partner to Sam, the,
you know, the original and
still the best LARC where.com
Mike Gunder Lloyd's stuff shrink,
stir slash GOK Mike's daily
grind is fast becoming legendary.
He's coming up on his
one thousandths daily grind. And
this is a link, a
link blog primarily, but he
also does reviews of software
reviews of books. He's got
a certain kind of a
sass to it though. He's
out in Eastern Washington. He's
like off the grid, you
know, he's a deep dotnet
technologist, but totally off the
grid and just, just a
hoot because he doesn't, he
doesn't pull punches. He'll tell
you exactly what he thinks
about your software. He's the
kind of guy that'll link
to you and say, I
don't think you're gonna make
any money on this, but
you know, maybe that's just
me, I'm old. And he's
hilarious. So between Sam, Sam
site, doing new and notable
and Lark, where.com you pretty
much got your, your, your
coverage there for, for link
blogs. You know, one of
the, one of the posts
I still go back to
when I'm teaching a class
is Sam, Jen Tilley's post
on how calm inter-op is
broken. It turns out it
really isn't broken, but I'm
just sort of the weirdness
about, you know, inter-op and
calm objects. He sorta dug
into the, you know, asking
the questions and getting answers
from Microsoft about why they
did this and why they
did that. And you know,
some fairly deep logic there,
but it looks like they
made the best decision. They
could Microsoft that is move
comment or out totally. Sam
is an interrupt beast. Definitely.
Another blog I keep going
back to, which is this
blog is kind of like
a, of a car wreck.
And I don't mean that
in a bad sense, but
just in the, you can't
look away is Darrell was
on Joe. He's at shrink
stir slash geo nine. And
he he's at 25 hours
a day.com. And it's also
called a carnage for life.
He's had a number of
different addresses and dare is
a as a Microsoft PM.
He used to do system
dot XML, and now he
does some stuff on live.com
and you know, building community.
And he's his big interest
is social, social interaction on
the internet. And he he's
one of these guys like,
like, like Rory or like
Scoble where he, he says
stuff and he's a Microsoft
employee and people go, wow,
how did he get away
with that? But it's true.
You know, he may say
it, I may have a
little edge, a little crispness
to it. And you may
say, how does this guy
keep his job? But, you
know, it's kind of hard
to argue with truth. And
I really like reading his
blog because it gives you
a real insight into how
groups at Microsoft look at
other groups at Microsoft. Now
you mentioned his name. Is
it Daryl or dare? Dare
D a R E either.
Obasanjo or Obasanjo. Okay. I'm
not sure. I would probably
say, Oh, Boston Joe, myself,
but Darrell would have to
correct me if I was
wrong.  was on Joe.
I'm not sure. I think
his dad's the president of
Nigeria. Okay. The, the next
one is Greg Hughes. Greg
Hughes is actually our, one
of our chief security guys
at Kirlian and he's at
shrinker slash . And, and
he has a really interesting
blog cause he, he, he's
almost like a personal slash
dot it's. One of those
blogs of many interests. He
used to be kind of
a SharePoint guy, and then
he started moving more into
security and he just has
just the right mix of,
you know, pictures of his
cat and, and real world
stuff. And people keep going
back to him. He used
to actually do some work
for Chris Parillo and the
locker Noam guys. And he's
big into the whole gnome
decks vibe. And Greg's Greg's
blog really has a very
personal without getting too personal
kind of tone to it.
And I really enjoy reading
his stuff. And he's always
digging around and thinks about
security, things about fishing safety
of the internet. Definitely worth
checking out. Now here's a
guy, I don't know if
you've ever heard of a
Casey Chestnut, but he's at
brains and brawn.com. He's at
shrink storage slash G O
B. And I got the
opportunity to, to meet Casey
in a, an event in
the Midwest. And this guy's
blog is called brains and
brawn for a reason. And
he's like, I don't know,
five, 10, two 80, probably
benches twice as weight. And
does artificial intelligence programming just
for giggles. You know, that's
like what he does in
the spirit in spare time,
you know, he'll go and
do like a dead lift
of 500 pounds. And then
he'll code his own audio
analyzer voice recognition system on
the windows CE and in
the original seat. Awesome. Yeah.
Seriously, he's hardcore. He's also
one of these guys that
doesn't like punctuation or pushing
the shift key. So his,
his site is kind of
like reading an E Cummings
poem, you know, where everything's
lowercase, it's all run on
sentences, but take a look
at some of his artificial
intelligence stuff. It's really amazing.
He's done some pattern recognition
stuff. He's always hooking up
crazy hardware up to things.
He got his, his X-Box
controller to plug into his
computer and control a media
center, just stuff with direct
state direct input, definitely, really,
really heady and deep stuff.
That's the trickster slash GOP.
Cool. I'll check that out
now. Know everything it, blogs.msdn.com
is gold. I mean really
the quality of the blogs
up@msdn.com are pretty fantastic, but
I keep coming back to
the base class library, team
blog. I really like team
blogs. You know, I can't
keep track of 15 different
members of the team, but
I really like it when
a team shares a blog
and the BCL team, the
base class library team at
strength slash GOC always has
a lot of really good
content. And a lot of
it is about why did
we do that? Why did
we make a decision about
something in the BCL if
you've ever read the, the,
the base class library annotated
reference, right. Sounds about as
exciting as reading. Well, I
don't think anybody reads it.
I mean, you, you go
and you refer to it,
but that is a heck
of a read, Oh dude,
I read it, man. Hey
aardvark. You know? Yeah. I,
I love that kind of
stuff. I used to read
things like the PDF and
I love reading it. The
thing that's fun about that
annotated reference is that they'll
have like all the methods
and properties on string. And
at the end, they'll have
comments from half of the
team saying, here's why we
did that. And we had
a really great argument about
why this is camel cased
and stuff like that. I
love that. It's fantastic. The
blog is of similar quality.
I definitely enjoy reading that
blog. That's shrinks slash GOC.
Now on next one, here
is of course the polymorphic
podcast, you know, one of
our podcast brethren over there,
Craig Shoemaker doing it to
shrinks their slash G O
D actually that was shrinks
your slash God, probably not
the cleverest shrinks to Earl
I've passed out, but the
stuff over at polymath podcasts,
he keeps cranking them out.
Man. They're very good quality.
They're good. Yeah. Quality. I
believe both of us have
been on that show. Haven't
we, I actually, I don't
think I've ever been on
that show. Oh no. I
covet that show. I would
like to be on that
show. Maybe this is an
invitation that Maybe it is
what's that considering I made
him shrink stir.com/god, which I'm
probably should change. Next one
is of course, you know,
Scott Guthrie, right? And Scott GU
the man he's the man.
We love Scott goo. This
guy went from having kind
of a typical program manager
blog a couple of three
years ago to consistently spitting
out insight and content and
stuff about the internals of
asp.net. That is just all
goodness flows from this blog.
This is at strengthener slash
G O E when the
web application project stuff came
out, that allowed you to
compile your code on windows
2005 in the original compilation
style, that 2003 supported that's
when I felt that Scott
Guthrie's blog really took off.
And now it's just every
week, three, four, five, really
high quality posts. Well well-written
with lots of screenshots. It's
almost like a, it's a
free technical book every week.
Cirencester slash GOE. Yeah. He's
very prolific. And I remember
one post that he did,
that was just absolutely amazing
and insightful into Microsoft was
on their testing architecture. Did
you see this? You know,
when they, when they're testing
about how they push out
To like dozens and dozens
of machines, dozens, hundreds With
scripts and Oh yeah. It
was just amazing. He shared
testing matrix is fantastic. He
showed racks of the machines
just lined up. Right? I
love getting insight like that
into the, into the beast.
You know, knowing what's going
on up at the system.
Absolutely. You know, other blogs@msdn.com
that are worth looking at
are like Raymond, Chen's the
old new thing at shrinker
slash G O G. This
is a guy who just
seems to know everything. He's
like the trivia guy. Like,
if you want to know
why the tray is not
really called the tray, it's
the system notification area. He'll
tell you about the meetings
in 1994, when they were,
you know, when windows 95
was being thought about and
they were trying to name
stuff, you know, or if
you want to know like
why WM broadcast message works
the way it does, he
remembers that stuff. So he's
like the, the, in the
historian of this, of the
system, another great MSDN blog
is, is tests. The debugger
lady. This lady is amazing.
I don't know if you've
seen this. This has happened.
Tell, told me about her
before on the show. And
I went and looked at
her. It's it's crazy. I
read that when I want
to feel stupid. Yeah. I
mean, that's how good she
is. She, she is like,
it's like, it is CSI,
you know, inside your computer.
Yeah. She's like, she's like
monk, have you seen monk
on USA? You know, where
you just walk into a
room and you go, Oh,
someone died. He was left-handed
five, eight. You know, she,
she will take a big
dump file and build up
the entire forensic. Here's what
happened. It was a Tuesday
morning. She'll paint the picture
for you. Step by step
consistently high quality. I hope
she keeps it up. She's
awesome. Now you give a
lot of presentations and you've
been doing it probably longer
than I have a presentation.
Zen is a fantastic site,
a shrink stir.com/gof. This is
a blog I keep going
back to when I want
to kind of reinvigorate the
way I do presentations. You
know, it was like a
cliff. It cliff Atkinson, the
guy beyond bullets beyond bullets.com
got me, started with presentation.
Zen got me, got me
stuck there. They had a
really great post awhile back
where they compared the Yoda
style and the doth Darth
Vader style, you know, as
if you were giving a
PowerPoint and is there a
Darth Vader we're giving a
PowerPoint. They also did a
really interesting comparison between bill
Gates and Steve jobs. And
who's the more effective presenter.
So if you're into presenting
and presentation a thought and
theory presentation, Zen is fantastic.
Leave it or not. Scott,
I got a lot of
pointers about presentations from you,
which I think you called
from Don box. Maybe, I
don't know where you got
it, but there was like
a list of, of rules
for presentations. And I followed
them to the right. I
wrote that when I was
in Malaysia at the tech
ed Malaysia. Yeah. That's just
picked up from a world,
picked up all over great
stuff. I appreciate that. Yeah.
I pick those up just
from watching. Don was the
first presenter I ever saw.
And, but after that, it
was just picking up actually
a lot of standup comedy,
frankly, watching a lot of
standups, do their work, timing,
preparation, all those kinds of
things. Presentation Zen is a,
does a good job of
rolling up that kind of
stuff. Scott, one of Don
boxes points for a presentations
was never used PowerPoint. What
do you think about that?
I mean, certain, certain things
lend itself to PowerPoint and
certain things don't. But if
I'm talking to developers, I
generally don't use PowerPoints at
all. Unless I'm going to
show, you know, visual, like
a graph or something like
that. Right. I like using
PowerPoint as breadcrumbs for your
presentation. You know, lets you
know where you've been, kind
of reminds everyone about what
we're doing, keeps you on
track a little bit, but
no, if PowerPoint's the meat
of your presentation, unless you're
doing a five day course
and you really need to
follow an outline, I find
that it's not necessary, but
I think that Lawrence Lessig
and Dick, the guy from
skip identity are the guys
who did the identity. 2.0
presentation are really invigorating. The
PowerPoint kind of medium with
this new rapid fire hundreds
and hundreds of slides with
one word on them. Kind
of style of presentation, Patrick Caldwell.
And I did our presentation
like that at tech ed.
And it was pretty effective.
It worked out okay. There's
a time and a place
for PowerPoint, but I think
it is true that the
whole six bullets, six words,
PowerPoint style is dead. It
sounds like you were going
for like the David Byrne
style. Yeah. Very, very existential.
Yeah. Like the movie Brazil.
Yeah. We should do a
talk and presentations. That'd be
a good idea. Roy
has kind of silently become
the expert on regit, regular
expressions. You know, he's got
his regulator tool. He's just
come out with regulation. Have
you seen this? I've heard
of expert system for regular
expressions. That basically looks at
what you're trying to do
and gleans it and kind
of helps you along your
way. You give it examples
of what you're looking for
and it figures it out.
Now it's the trickster slash
Gooi regulator and the regulator.
He'll probably build them into
big one super IDE for
regular expressions. Huh? He's at
weblogs that asp.net. He's been
a fan of dotnet rocks
for a long time. I
know. And I guess I
think he's also doing his
own. He tried to do
his own podcast. I don't
know if he's trying to,
he's still doing it Desi.
Well, he's one of these
guys like me where, you
know, he's running around doing
15 different things, you know,
he'll he did the podcast
for a while, but then
he started getting into this
tool. He'll kind of hide
out for a couple of
days and then software I'll
just appear. He actually just
put up a new tools,
dot a tool site up
at his, his domain with
all of the things that
he's ever kind of written.
So he's actually been consolidating
all of his tools into
one site. So it also
does a really geeky contest
that about your, your desktop
photo, you know, take a
screenshot of that. He's doing
that right now, actually at
the, take a look at
his blog, it's up at
shrink stir slash GUI. And
he's doing basically at glamour
shots thing for, for desktops.
So people are gonna submit
their, their desktops, a screenshot
of your desktop and then
you, myself, Mike and Roy
will vote on the best,
best user's desktop. Right. We're
actually contest happening right now
with judges. That should be
fun. Yeah. So now here's
a great blog, coding horror.
This is Jeff Atwood's blog
at  dot com slash
G O J. This guy
is my, I like to
call him my nemesis, but
we're actually good friends. This
is one of those blogs
that I keep going back
to and saying, why didn't
I blog that? And that's
really, when you know, you
found a good blog that
you're going to get good
information from is when you
look back on the last
week and you go, Oh,
beat me by a day
or Oh, what good. Oh
man. Now I can't blog
about that ever. Cause he
just put his thumb on
the chest piece and now
I'm screwed. Everything that he
writes is gold. I don't
necessarily always agree with him,
but the thought and the
introspection that he puts into
his stuff about the software
development process. It's not usually
highly technical, right? He's not
someone like me. Who's putting
up code snippets and stuff,
but he's talking about everything
about coding, the culture, the
product management, the product development.
How do you manage your
bugs? How do you manage
your office? What's your cubicle
like everything in the periphery
there. That that is the
sum total of software development.
Jeff talks about nothing's off
limits. Great stuff. Cool. Shrinks
are slash G O J
a and Phil hack@hacked.com. It's
shrink, stir.com/g O L a
two. A's hacked with the
AA. Cause that's his last
name? Phil hack or slash
G O L nother, consistently
good blog and always on
the cutting edge. This is
a guy who like marks
up his code with, you
know, CSS and marks up
people's names with how he
knows that person he's really
into micro format. So a
grant example, he might just
mention my name and a
post, but he'll actually put
semantics on it. He'll tag.
My name like friend met,
you know, met him, you
know, information about me. So
when you hover over it,
that information that's semantic information
about me is embedded in
the post. He's actually the
main developer on subtext, which
is a great blog. It's
a fork of dot text.
Definitely check out hack.com shrinks.
There's nice Gol. Now of
course the, the 800 pound
gorilla in the, in the
houses is Chris sells, right?
Sales, brothers.com shrink stir slash
GOM. The Marquis day sells
is the, the blog title.
And you know, he's, he's
one of the superstars of,
you know, developers from back
in the day. And he's
actually here in Oregon. So
I get to hang out
with them occasionally. And I
were talking a lot about
Chris, about Chris while Roy
was here last week. And
just what I had, just
a great decent guy, Chris
is, and incredibly smart, but
not at all egotistical, you
know, he'll tell you like
it is, he doesn't pull
any punches, but he's not
a jerk. You know what
I mean? It's a great
guy. And, and he's, he's,
he's, it's funny because every
once in a while I'll
ask him a technical question
and he'll pause. And I
know if he pauses too
long, it's because I'm an
idiot, you know, but he's
not going to tell me,
right. Are you asking that
that's not at all how
it works? You know? And
then he'll say things like,
well, I would, I would
encourage you to check out
the documentation and you know
that you've, you've just asked
him something stupid, but he's
very gracious about it. And
his blog has consistently got
good information, good opinions and
pointers to great content and
great tech shrinks there slash
G O M very technical
yeah. To asp.net sites. Of
course up everything up@weblogsdotasp.net is
great. Most of the blogs
that are hosted up there
consistently have good content structure.com/goo
goo. But you know, my
personal hero when it comes
to asp.net, Fritz onion for
its ever read his, his
asp.net, one old book was
fantastic. Fantastic. His blog is
of similar quality shrink stor
slash G O N F
Fritz onion. Everyone knows him
from his view state Dakota.
Yep. Sometimes you want to
crack open view state and
he had the tools for
us. He's up at Pluralsight,
got a great series of
tools you can check out.
Now, you know, if I
had another 15 hours in
the day, I'd probably want
to do more video blogging,
but you know, everything that
I do, the channel nine
guys do better. If you've
seen the channel nine up
at shrink stir slash GOP,
I really am enjoying their
video stuff. As a scope
of wanders, the halls and
interviews folks, it gives you
such an interesting insight into
what's going on inside of
Microsoft and their, their RSS
feed, which is the kind
of the complete feed of
all the videos. That's what
I take a look at
it. I don't really visit
the site much anymore. I
just subscribed to shrink slash
GOP. And I see all
of the videos As they
come in. The one thing
you get at channel nine
that you don't get anywhere
else is really the penetration
into Microsoft. And you may
not, you may or may
not find technical information there,
you know, that you wouldn't
find outside, but you'll definitely
get early information like you
get at first to channel
nine and you'll get just
a, a cultural look inside
inside the campus. Yeah. Which
you can't get. I really
liked getting the insight there's
stuff going on at Microsoft.
You don't even think about
like a really good example
of a blog that I
learned so much from is
Michael Kaplan at shrink stir
slash Gor. This is a
guy who does internationalization at,
at Microsoft, right? So here's
a, this isn't like internationalization
of applications. This is the
enabling us to internationalize our
apps. Like if somebody wants
to get a certain Tamil
character into windows, this is
one of the guys that
you talked to. This is
a guy who is instrumental
to making Ethiopian Americ a
language I'm personally interested in
work on Vista. You know,
when cling on gets get
support, you know, he'll be
the guy that makes it
happen. And he's so funny
because he'll always make each
post. This post is brought
to you by, you know,
Latin letters, Schwab or whatever,
and put the, the funky
glyphs for it. And you
know, your fonts are messed
up. If you read any
of Michael Caplin's posts and
they're all black squares, he's
always doing hardcore stuff like
that. It'd be a good
time to just mention that.
If anybody's thought about doing
globalization, doing, you know, internationalization
of websites with asp.net and
they're using any other technology
as a yard stick, by
which to think about using,
you know, asp.net for this,
just throw it away, the
internationalization stuff in.net. That's just
built into the framework, you
know, by, by stacking resources
in multiple directories and just
hanging them off the web
directory. It, you know, the
bin directory, it's just beautiful.
Yeah. Consistently I see people
trying to roll their own
stuff, put things in databases
sometimes that's necessary, but the
stuff, man, if you've got
an internationalization lean on the
framework so much, and it's
gotten so much better in
two Oh and it's even
so much more, better, and
more better, it's so much
more better in Vista. Some
of the stuff that he's
shown me in Vista is
pretty, pretty fantastic. He's also@blogsdotmsdndotcomothergreatmsdn.com
sites. Of course, the PowerShell
site shrank stir slash GP
five, Jen Fang at shrink
stir slash GP four is
a great CLR internals, you
know, CLI debugger type, always
letting me know about how
the assembly loader really works,
right. And then developing for
developers. This is a great
site. I think this is
a little nugget inside of
msdn.com. People don't really know
about shrinker slash GP two
it's blogs that MSDN slash
dev dev. And this is
basically like programming pearls. This
is a great book from
back in the day, teaching
you how to little pearls
of information, little pearls of
wisdom. This developing for developers
blog consistently has great stuff.
It's almost like dr. Gooey.
Remember back in the day.
Sure. Gooey MSDN kind of
like that Kind of a
conversation definitely enjoy that other
really hardcore blogs that I've
enjoyed. Like Wesner moist has
a really interesting blog called.net
undocumented shrinky.com/gos. This is a
guy who basically developed pivot
tables and Excel worked for
Microsoft years ago. And now
has gone off to do
his own static analysis tool
that he's going to be
revealing onto the, into the
world and wicked smart guy,
wicked smart, always talking about,
you know, AI, very deep,
thoughtful analysis about the motivations
behind software development. I, I
very much enjoy reading his
stuff. And then when I,
when I do feel stupid
because I read these really
smart guys, blogs, I go
over to the daily WTF
and I take a look
at that strengthened our conversation
got, of course, this is
the forum of all the
worst kind of written on
the bathroom wall kind of
code you've ever seen. You've
you've been up to the,
The daily WCAB the daily
WTF. Yeah. The daily. What?
Yeah, it's enough to make
you really feel ill. And
then let's end up on
a couple of fun, fun
blogs that speaking of fun
blogs like the daily WTF,
another, another WTF moment would
be a Hans's matter.com. This
is shrinker slash G O
U. This is really interesting.
This is a Chinese gentleman
who moved to States speaks
both Chinese and English fluently.
And he has dedicated himself
to basically translating people's tattoos
that they've got an, an
ancient Asian Kanji and explaining
why really, why they didn't
get what they thought tattooed
on themselves. This is a
great site. Basically, you send
in your tattoo that says,
Oh yeah, this is my
name spelled in Kanji. And
he says, no, this means
sweaty antelope it's on your
it's on your arm. You
might think about that. Or,
and he'll, he'll, he'll Mark
them up in paint shop
and say, well, this could
be that. But I think
maybe they went into Babblefish
and looked it up themselves.
You know, don't get an
Asian tattoo. Isn't really the
goal. There really great site.
Very fun shrinks you slash
your friends. Would you like
to send to that blog?
You definitely should check this
out. This is true. MC
hammer. He's got his own
blog. It's can't touch this
MC hammer. Yeah. This MC
hammer. This is his real
blog. It's a Blogspot blog.
He blogs to it with
his T-Mobile sidekick. No kidding
shrinks shrinks your slash gov.
He puts up pictures. His
family has a, he's got
a new album out on
iTunes. This is the real
guy. It's not a fake
blog. It's just actually MC
hammer blogging, hits his comments.
He does. He does answer
comments. It's real guy. And
another celebrity who's actually blogging
is a Kevin Smith Simon bought
from clerks, right? He's at
signup. Bob speaks.com shrink, stir
slash Gow signup blog. It's
the real, it's the real
stuff. It's, it's really interesting
to read blogs like this,
like Wil Wheaton from, you
know, from star, Trek's got
a blog, right? These are
the real guy, Zach Braff
from scrubs. It's interesting. You
know, we look at celebrities
and we think, Oh, wow,
it'd be really cool. What's
this guy like, and then,
you know, you read their
blog and you find out,
Oh, this is what MC
hammer does on a random
Tuesday. Isn't that interesting? That's
a heck of a thing.
Interesting. An interesting blog. We
talked about overheard in New York
a while back. There's another
one called overheard in the
office, which is just really
crazy quotes from real people
sent in from all over
the world about what's going
on in their office. Little,
sometimes not really safe for
work. It's kind of a
off-color humor, but I think
it's worth taking a look
at shrink slash G O
X, always, always good for
a laugh overheard in the
office.com. And then of course,
Phillip Tarone, you know, is
just the bomb. The man
at the magazine write, make
blog. This is at shrink
stir slash G O Z.
This guy is the guy
who's always taking two or
three pieces of hardware and
putting them together. He, he
actually took a GPS and
a computer strapped it to
himself, ran around downtown New York,
trying to make designs with
the direction that he was
running and then overlaid the
resulting GPS data onto a
Google blog onto a Google
map rather. So he could
draw stuff by running by
with his body. You know,
he'd like run like, you
know, 10 miles and then
go back and see what
the, what the design looked
like. I heard about music.
He's a guy who, you
know, strapped a camera onto
a Roomba and just see
what the room of view
of the world is. You
know, that, that actually caused
me to do the same
thing with my room. I
was going to say, you
did the same thing with
you. Remember that? Yeah, I
totally took, I put a
logic tech on top of
the room, but watch the
camera for a while. And
I was like, wow. Phillip
is, is the guy that
inspired me to really get
into the, you know, the
coding for funds. Some assembly
required stuff. We could start
messing with hardware, but he's,
he solders things. And I
don't, I don't use solder.
I'm not big, big wiring
guy, but the magazine is
just amazing. The stuff that
you could make, if you're
ever looking for something to
do with your kid on
a random weekend, take a
look at a shrink stir
slash G O Z. And
then of course, you know,
the, the original Joel on
software, you know, shrink stir
slash GP three, Joel is
a wise old man. He
runs fog Creek software, make
her a fog bugs. And
I think he's been blogging
on not really blogging. I
wouldn't call it blogging, but
he's had a website forever.
One of his best posts
is the, the post about
what any, what any developer
must absolutely know about internationalization
talks about encoding of ASCII
and Nancy and stuff. I
got a really, really nice
email from a guy who
works on the one of
the I E teams inside
of Microsoft that said that
my, my list of questions
that you've got to learn
about.net in order to really
be an effective developer, right
along with Joel's article about
what you absolutely minimally must
know about. Internationalization helped him
get the job that he
has at a, at Microsoft
as a design engineer. That
was really cool. And it's,
it's, it's people like Joel,
and these other blogs that
we've, we've talked about today,
that, that really raised the
bar and make it easier
for us to do our
jobs, right? Yeah. Don't you
always turn, you turn to
the blogs, right? You're using
Google now as a way
to find other people who've
had that problem, right. Someone
they've almost replaced the newsgroups,
you know, they definitely have,
they definitely have newsgroups or
are dead and people still
use newsgroups to trade wares
and stuff like that. But
I don't see, I don't
see a lot of people
using them for information. Yeah.
I really like these communities
of blogs, like web blogs,
that asp.net, like a code
better.com you know, Pluralsight, bunch
of smart. Yeah. It's a
bunch of smart people get
together and, and put their
heads together and blog as
a group. And then of
course, Google makes it all
easier for us to find
them. I'm sure I've forgotten
some blogs. I've got another
235 blogs on my list,
but these are the ones
that I keep coming back
to, and I hope you
enjoy them as well. Excellent,
Scott, thanks a lot. This
is a great show. And
we'll talk to you next
week on Hanselman's.